Hey, this fish is lazy, but it must be fascinated.
Why aren't they passed out yet?
And why am I suddenly thinking about women?
why so sad
Could this be the medicine caused by the power of the elixir of life?
Looks like this time it was a success, I must have made a mistake, right?
Oh, wrong order.
How?
It's okay, it's okay, I want more.
Truong Sinh must practice the achievement and your Bian Que gate disappears, Truong Sinh Gia give me one person is enough.
Why not come yet?
If you don't come, I will die.
Why are you new here?
The doorman is absent, and his eyesight is not good.
When we saved the two of us, we took too much medicine.
Hurry up and save people.
The thug body is very good.
Hurry up and help me find some clothes to save people.